Update README and add "Now playing" Command (#589)
codetheweb/muse: README.md

### Node.js

**Prerequisites**:

> * Node.js 16.x (16.x is recommended because of LTS. 17.x seems to make problems)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Node.js (16.x is recommended because it's the current LTS version)
```

* ffmpeg

1. `git clone https://github.com/codetheweb/muse.git && cd muse`
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and populate with values
3. I recommend checking out a tagged release with `git checkout v[latest release]`
4. `yarn install` (or `npm i`)
5. `yarn start` (or `npm run start`)

> 	* `(npm run start&)` to run the bot 24/7 on a server

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

There's a lot of ways to run this on a server besides just as a background process, like [PM2](https://pm2.keymetrics.io/). I'd rather not recommend anything specific here.
